>Notify

Notify is a simple program to use.

I have tested it with Ethernet 10 base 2 networks
with RiscPCs but it should work with all acorn
networks.

It works like the old Acorn Notify.  You type in a
station no. and it sends them a message.  You may
think this type of program is pointless.  Well, I
agree with you, but I was bored!

Unlike the Acorn's notify program, messages can be
made to appear on the icon bar as icons, and in
multi-tasking message boxes.  This saves the problem
of having  machine frozen by some idiot sending it
a message.

Icons on the icon bar
---------------------

The notify icon is a small yellow telephone. 
Clicking with middle button, it produces a menu with
options info, config and quit.
Clicking with select brings up a send window.

If you get sent a message and it does appear on the
icon bar then the picture is a small, black
explanation mark (!).  This will have the senders
network no. and station no. in the format:

    netno.statno   eg  128.45

Clicking select reads and cancels the message.  This
means that the message is displayed, and the
message is deleted.
Clicking adjust reads the message but does not
delete it, so you can read it again.
Clicking middle button brings up a menu.
 + Acknowledge sends a message back to the sender
   saying you have received the message.  These
   will NOT appear on the icon bar.
 + Read has the same effect as clicking select.
 + Remove deleted the message without reading it.

Sending Messages
----------------

Click select on the Notify icon.  Type in the 
station no. then press return, type the message then
press return or click on 'Send'.

For instance:

Station: 41
Message: Hello!

This will send to local network adress, 128 on new
acorn networks.  To specify network no. type

  netno.statno

For instance:   1.41

Send to network no. 1, station no. 41.

Config
------

The config window has three options.

 + Messages appear on icon bar.
 + Multitasking message boxes.
 + Beep when message received.

The first option means that all messages will appear
on the icon bar as icons.

NB: up to a certain amount which is specified in
the run file, default 10, which cannot be more than
20, ie if set to 5, 5 messages will appear on icon
bar and past that they will not.

If the first option is not set then messages will
appear in either non-multitasking error boxes or
multitasking boxes.  The second option sets this

The third option sets whether a beep is emmitted when
a message is received to alert the user to this.

Errors
------

If a serious error occurs - for any reason - then the
message data, if there is any, will be saved in the
Wimp$ScrapDir as long as it is set.
